Keep it chickenhead, I'm lookin' for a dime, 
get my swirve on, make it hot, word is bond. 
I'm lickin' on your ankle bracelet, 
we'll be sippin' moet wit' strawberries and dat shit. 
I'm nasty, ask me, 
why I lick my lips so in the darkness I can run my tongue over your tits. 
It's all good sugary, u ain't leavin', sit up on my face and help my stash grow even. 
Whipped cream taste mean from the back, she bounce wit' LL now shorty's on the map. 
I put away the gat, took off the hat, throw ya mo's in the air if u like it like dat. 
No doubt boo, I keep it real girl, mad pleasure, blowin' up your whole world. 
Whatever's clever I got endless cash, trees from Hawaii, 2 pools or baths. 
(chorus) 
I'll be loungin' with LL Cool J... 
I'll be loungin' with LL, hey hey... 

Uh, my scenario is grand, a dime peice, Hennessey up in my hand. 
I turn out the lights like teddy, I'm feenin', 
standin' in the darkness, now I'm ready 
Uhh, ooh yeah up in ya, let it flow while I pump slow, 
then I speed it up,heat it up, 
make it mo' tasty, so u can swing low and lace me. 
Use your imagination, u do me, I do u, sex education. 
It's all good, it's cranberry absolut, peach shnapps, 
feelin' tipsy,loungin' on the rooftops 
I'm about to spank u on dat ass (ooh) I know u love it when it lasts (true) 
when u need it who u ask (you) what u sayin' when I dash (dont go boo) 

(chorus) 

U got to bounce wit' me suga, word up, u got to bounce wit' me suga, 
worda, worda, word up... 

Warm it up suga, make it hot, shorties'll swarm, make me wanna bust shots. 
We speak daily, on the regular, run your jibs all day chip in my cellular. 
Shoot down to Jamaica, pretty white sand, suntan oil, pina' coladas in my hand. 
Layin' up at night, peepin' at stars, remember, when we was at the club in da bars 
I told ya my status was that of a don, u thought I was a dog and u ain't wanna get it on, 
but my mind has attractin' qualities, all the emotions of a young lady. 
So here u are, smack dab up in the mix, shorty this here's about as good as it gets. 
Word up, I'ma treat u like a queen from the heart, 
crack the bubbly, and let the episode start. 

(chorus)