See don't be trippin' when you see us in the club,
Just show a little love, represent your side like me
Cuz round here if you slip you catch a hot on
Twelve shotgun, couple of 'em got one
Belvedere in the rear of the club, pulled up on dubs
And we bout 2 go and buy the bar up, SO SO, 4 sure
We ain't playin', hang with no lames, if you bumpin' say it.... 
CHORUS: 
A where the party at? 
Girl is on their way, where the Bacardi at? 
Bottles and models talkin' all of that
You know I can't 4get about my thugs, where the party at? 
And all my girlz, where the party at? 
Off in the club, where the party at? 
If the parties where you at, let me hear you say.... 
BRIDGE 
All the girlz in the club in their best outfit, just showin' that skin
Tryin' 2 make a nigga wanna spit, where you been girl? 
You and your friend need 2 come 2 the back
Where we got it locked down at, in your white t-shirt, or a 3 piece suit
Don't matter what you wear, all that matters is who you with
Some jiggy and some straight grinding, all up in the club trying 2 have a good 
time. 
CHORUS, BRIDGE 
Nelly: 
Somebody show me where the party at dirty, somewhere where it's crackin' right 
around 130
Never get stuck 2 early, comin' as is (hey) do-rags and tims
I'm rollin' fast in (hey), this little Jag and Benz, with the rolls, not the 
one 
with the stem
The one with the rims, the one that seem 2 make more enimies then friends
I'm slidin' in pass those (hoes)
Both eyes close, both arms froze, both charms rolls, with the S O S O D E dot F
Buyin' bottles bottles, until there ain't none left
I'm QUICK 2 go left, I blaze with no ref, I Jams mo than Def baby show me the 
club. 
I'm like, hey, where that Bacardi at? 
(Come on ya'll), I'm a mix it with the Chris
Baby what's wrong with that? 
We in the VIP twisted, down right splifted
2 way a nigga do a nigga like you miss me. 
CHORUS, (BRIDGE)2x 
Left side just put your hands up, throw 'em up
Right side just put your hands up, throw 'em up
Everybody put your hands up, throw 'em
When the beat come back around, everybody do it again. 
Do the east side run this mutha 4 ya (hell yeah)
Do my south side run this mutha 4 ya (hell yeah)
Cuz them haters ain't hittin' on, ain't talkin' bout, and they look like.... 
....if the parties where you're at, let me hear you say.....