I would do anything for love
I′d run right into hell and back
I would do anything for loveI'll never lie to you, and that′s a fact
But I'll never forget the way you feel right now
Oh no, no way
And I would do anything for love, but I won't do that
No, I won′t do that

Some days it don′t come easy
And some days it don't come hard
Some days it don′t come at all
And these are the days that never end
And some nights you're breathing fire
And some nights you′re carved in ice
Some nights you're like nothing I′ve ever seen before
Or will again

And maybe I'm crazy, oh it's crazy and it′s true
I know you can save me
No one else can save me now but you

As long as the planets are turning
As long as the stars are burning
As long as your dreams are coming true
You′d better believe it, that I would do...

Anything for love
Oh, I would do anything for love
Oh, I would do anything for love, but I won't do that
No, I won′t do that

I would do anything for love
Anything you've been dreaming of, but I just won′t do that
I would do anything for love
Anything you've been dreaming of, but I just won′t do that

Some days I pray for silence
And some days I pray for soul
Some days I just pray to the gods of
Sex and drums and rock 'n' roll
And maybe I′m lonely, that′s all I'm qualified to be
That′s just one and only, the one and only promise I can keep

As long as the wheels are turning
As long as the fires are burning
As long as your prayers are coming true
You'd better believe it, that I would do...

Anything for love
Oh, I would do anything for love
I would do anything for love, but I won′t do that
No, I won't do that

Will you raise me up? Will you help me down?
Will you get me right out of this Godforsaken town?
Can you make it all a little less cold?
Oh, I can do that
Oh, I can do that

Will you cater to every fantasy I got?
Will you hose me down with Holy water, if I get too hot?
Will you take me places I′ve never known?
Well, I can do that
I can do that

I know the territory, I've been around
It'll all turn to dust, and we′ll all fall down
Sooner or later, you′ll be screwin' around

I won′t do that
No, I won't do...
Anything for love, but I won′t do that