Now even though I try to play it off.
I'm thinking bout you all day long and
I can't wait for shorty to come through
From your lips and back up to your eyes
My hands on your hips when we grind I'm fantasizing
Bout what I'm gone do to you.
You got me fending for her love ( can't lie)
Man you should see how she got me
Spending all this time with her (with her)
I couldn't leave her if I wanted to her love turns men into fools
Tell me what a man is to do.

[Chorus:]
Cause I can't breathe when you talk to me,
Can't breathe when your touching me
Suffocate when your away from me
So much love you take from me
I'm going out of my mind

I can't Breathe When your touching me
I suffocate when your away from me
So much love you take from me
I'm going out of my mind.

Whenever we up in this bed and my finger all in your hair,
I Wounder if you feel me watching you
Cause I can't go a night without your lovin'

Got me lookin' at this phone
Everytime it rings I hope its you (girl)
Got me bracin' through ur love (and i) Ive fallen for you
I (can't lie) I just wanna be with you
And yes she got me there I said it
Somebody call the paramedics tell them to hurry up and come through.

[Chorus x2]
Cause I can't breathe (can't breathe) when you talk to me
I can't breathe when you're touching me (when your touching me)
I suffocate when you're away from me
So much love you take from me
I'm going out of my mind

Don't never leave me girl
I need you inside my world
I can't go a day without you
And see nobody else will ever do
I'll never feel like I feel with you
'Cause I...

[Chorus]
I can't breathe when you talk to me
I can't breathe when you're touching me
I Suffocate when you're away from me
So much love you take from me
I'm going out of my mind ( I'm going out of my mind)
I can't breathe when you talk to me( I can't breathe)
I can't breathe when your touchin' me
I Suffocate when you're away from me so much love you take from me.
I'm going out of my mind (I'm going out of my mind).

Ouhh no no .. I can't breathe
ouhh no no I can't breathe
ouhh no no I can't breathe
ouuhhhhhh woo ouhh

Ouhh no no I can't breathe
Ouhh no no I can't breathe ( I can't breathe).